Know in advance how long we will be
Is what you said true?
Xicheng District is zoned as a new urban development project
I've never heard anyone mention it.
Yes, the official has released a statement.
The development of our new city
The focus is on Dongcheng District
This Xicheng District is a wasteland
You can't make any money at all
Leader, you have to trust me.
I have inside information
Absolutely reliable
How funny!
Du Chen
You don't think you just bought a piece of land at random
Can you make money?
third child
You come out of the music
Today I have the help of the Qin family
No matter what tricks you play
Impossible to succeed
Two defeated generals
You two together can't beat my dutiful son
The last time I let you run was just a fluke
Can you fight for assets better than our whole family?
Sure, we'll see won't we.
beast
Please
Welcome to the auction in front of the building
well known
Officials have issued a new urban development announcement
This project
Guaranteed to make everyone a lot of money
Isn't it just auctioning off the development rights of the three major urban areas?
Hurry up and don't waste my time
I brought billions with me today.
Just for this auction
Okay
The first thing we auctioned was the development rights of the South District
The starting price is 100 million
Each price increase shall not be less than 50 million
Million, 250 million.
Five hundred million, eight hundred million.